---
layout: post
title:  "To a great career!"
date: "2021-06-11"
---

Say hello to a great career doing what you like! It's not easy finding your ideal career, but you might be able to do it! From there, other aspects of your life might also improve! You might see living in a new way...who knows? No more of that weird 'work' 'home' balance and mundane living, you know what i mean, that work's so boring deep down inside that you have to eat more food, binge watch more shows, and look towards other things to make up for the loss while working.

Sometimes...

1. you need to make a career change, find new work doing something that exposes your real talents!
2. you need to view the work you do differently, maybe it is just a viewpoint.

In either case, what is great to notice is...

> your work life contributes to your mood, sleep, health, and sociability. all of which shape how you see things, your emotional responses, how well you interact with others in any setting, and how well you enjoy life.

It is something not to be overlooked when looking back at your mental health and physical health and actually contributes to it. While not everything in your life, it does have an impact and finding something that helps your mood might make changes in your life for the better. You might just escape that cycle of *negative thinking* that we all stumble upon all the time. When your whole life is in a mess and you can't just find time to be happy with how things are. You might not know what exactly it is that makes you genuinely happy, but taking some time will help and soon *this same place which was negative will be seen differently, all by new activities and thought.* Nice!

### Finding that career...

What are some ways to help find the bridge between *your interests* and *your work*? Is there some way to merge the two?

<!-- find sources to help show how merge work and interests... -->



### Relaxing when not at work

When not at work, the best thing to do is *relax*. Take some time and let it be found within you that this is time away from it. Maybe meditate, exercise, write new goals, run errands, and enjoy the fresh air outside. You deserve it and it's *actually better for your productivity and creativity*. Whatever it is you need to relax either alone or with others and feel better, ready for the next time you have to work.
